Start time: 5:30 PM 

End time: 7:00 PM 

 

Members:  Cameron, Britney, Lachy 

 

Discussion Points: 

Feedback Iteration 1 discussion 

Each give stand-up, with test functions written provide feedback and changes 

Discuss if current branch's need to be fixed e.g. split into channels/auth/message but with our name in front instead of just Cameron/test implement  

Action Items: 

Finish tests by Monday 22.03.21  

 

 