Start time: 12:40 

 

Duration: 50 minutes 

 

Members: Cameron, Lachy, Britney 

 

Discussion Points: 

Questions asked/answers given during project check-in: 

Is it necessary to ensure that the project matches the sample web-app exactly? 

Just needs to contain the original and optional message strings 

How do we need to implement persistence? I.e. stores and reads every so often via the server or when functions are called. 

Either works 

How should we handle deleted users' information I.e. should we remove their email etc. from their dictionary or leave it but allow it to be used to register a new user, or leave it and prevent the email from being used again? 

Can choose to keep information or not. First name removed user last name blank, or first name removed last name user, first name blank last name removed user 

Should we write tests for the helper functions?  

No, no need 

Should the information of deleted users be accessible e.g. by user_profile? 

Yes, just needs to return "removed user" 

Return http error codes for errors 

Make sure the jwt is unique (use the timestamp of login) 

Use config.py to specify port number and tests and server should read from config.py 

Discussed whether it was acceptable to merge all functions and tests into a single branch for the purpose of testing, since all tests are dependent upon multiple functions 

To Do: 

Merge together and test all written  python functions as a group 

Start writing http tests 

PART 2

Start time: 5:30 

 

Duration: 3 hours 

 

Members: Cameron, Lachy, Britney 

 

Discussion Points: 

Sharing Screen and merging code  

Debugging/Fixing all merge errors  

Discussed if good practice to make a test all branch to merge it all together/emailed tutor  

 

To Do: 

Start writing http tests 

Meet tomorrow and fix all the code to ensure functioning code  